Q. What editors have you used?
A. Text editors: vi or vim on Linux, Text Editor on MacOS, Notepad
   on Windows
   I am not familiar with GNU Emacs text editor.

Q. What is a Shell?
A. A Shell is a Command Interpreter program.
   It takes a command as input, executes it.
	 In interactive mode, a shell displays a prompt string, such as $ or #,
	 for users to enter the command along with the arguments, executes the 
	 commands in the environment.

	 In non-interactive mode, a shell runs a script, a file containaing commands
	 to be executed.

Q. What is Environment?
A. The context in which a program runs is called the Environment.
   The Shell creates an Environment, which can be customized by the user,
	 for programs to be executed.
	 Environment settings are Key=Value pairs, where Key is the name of
	 the Environment Variable Name, and Value is the value it is set to.
	 For example,
	 PATH is an environment variable. It is set to a ":" colon-separated list
	 of directories where the Shell searches for the command entered by the
	 user to be executed.

Q. How can you access Environment from the program?
A. Yes. In C and C++, the function getenv() and setenv() can be used to
   get and set Environment variable by their names as "key".

	 In Java, the environment variables can be accessed using the System
	 class method, System.getenv(). The configurations are stored in
	 Properties object which can be accessed usign System.getProperty() method.

	 In Python, the os.environ is a map object that contains the environment
	 settings. For exaple, os.environ['PATH'] returns value of PATH variable.
	 The os.getenv() and os.putenv() can also be used to access environment.

Q. What is an Operating System?
A. An Operating System is a collection of process running in supervisor or
   privileged mode that manages the hardware resources and user application
	 processes. 
	 Examples of functions performed by an Operating System:
	 Hardware Management: Initializes hardware, handles interrupts
	 Memory Management: Initializes memory, manages memory as 'pages', allocates
	    and deallocates (free) pages of memory to user applications, creates
			memory Address Space for each process so they do not write into
			other processes, etc.
	 Process Management: Allows multiple processes to share hardware by scheduling
	    ONE process to be run at a time on CPU. Processes are switched off the
			CPU after their time expires - called Time-Sharing Multi-Programming.
			The switching of processes is called Context Switch.

Q. What is a Device Driver?
A. A device driver is an Operating System module, also called a kernel module,
   that contains code to initialize and manage a specific type of devices.
	 For example, disk device drivers are modules to manage disk devices,
	 USB device driver are modules to manage USB attached devices, network
	 drivers are modules for network devices, graphics or video device drivers
	 are modules that manage display devices, and so on.

Q. Name some Operating Systems.
A. Major operating systems are Linux which is a Unix-type of Operating System
   that is used to run servers or large enterprise servers.
	 Windows and MacOS are operating systems used on client systems such as
	 laptops and desktops.
	 Windows Server is Windows-like Operating Systems for servers or enterprise
	 servers.
	 Linux is an open-source operating system.

Q. What are the different types of Linux?
A. The major flavors of Linux are: Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise
   Linux).



